In the second exercise we're going to take
a
list of words, and turn them into an
acronym.
So, we're gonna call this chap12ex2.py.
So, for example, in my humble opinion
becomes IMHO.
So to do that we're going to use the map
higher order
function along with a very simple function
we're going to define first.
Wich simply returns the first letter of a
word.
All right so lets give it a shot, we'll
start off with our list.
So here's our list of words in my humble
opinion.
Then we'll create a variable acro and
we'll simply
create a list from the map of first words.
Then we'll print acro.
[BLANK_AUDIO]
Looks simple enough.
Then we'll run the program.
You see we get, still, a list.
So what we really need to do, is we need
to get this list into string format.
And it turns out that there is a
very nice Python function for doing that
called join.
We can take the join function.
First thing, we're going to create a
variable, again, acro.
Now, we're going to say acro is equal to
acro.join.
We have to have an existing string.
So, that's why I set acro equal to empty
string, then I said acro is equal to
acro.join.
Then we call list, map, first words again.
And then we can say print acro.
We'll save it.
And run it.
And that gets us very close.
But most acronyms are all capital letters.
So we need to get it to capital letters.
And to do that all we have to do.
Is use the string function, upper at the
end of the string that we create right
here.
Let's save the program.
Clear the screen run it again, and there's
our acronym.
So now, what we probably want to do is
take that and turn it into a function.
So, how do we do that?
Well, we simply take the code that we've
written down here.
And so, we'll say acro is equal to empty
string.
Acro is equal to acro.join, list.
Map first words, upper,
and then return acro, then we can comment
out all this other code, and then say acro
is equal to acronym
words, and then print acro, and then we
should be good to go.
Let's clear the screen.
And
there we go.
So to create a function to, make an
acronym out of words, the first thing we
do is create a very simple helper
function,
first, which we use in our map function.
Then we add it into our map function right
here.
And make a list out of that and the join
it so that each element
is melded into one string which is right
here.
And then the last step is to make it all
uppercase.
So, we'll highlight it like so and then
return the resulting string.
So that wraps up this exercise, and that
wraps up this chapter on advanced uses of
functions.